While working as a full stack intern at Flexport,
I had the opportunity to develop my communication skills by gathering requirements
from my manager, product managers, and senior developers
to iteratively evolve a feature’s design and implementation.
An especially difficult challenge came in the form of gathering authentication requirements,
as Flexport was undergoing a bit of a shift at the time towards a more role based access control scheme.
There was much conflicting information to parse through from
internal guides, manager suggestions, developer insights,
product manager perspectives, and of course Identity and Access Management protocols.
The result was not only a new feature with correctly configured access,
but also a better understanding of the desired authentication practices by myself and my team.